question 1) First we will deal with the notion of demographic parity. The data clearly shows that you are more likely to
make more than 50K if you are Male and that P(>50K|Male) > P(>50K|Female). However, because this is a Naive Bayes Net
all this tells us is that a higher proportion of men in the database make more than >50k, it doesn't tell us why they
do.

Secondly we will deal with separation. Given the core evidence E1 women are more likely to make less than 50K then
given E2. Which indicates that adding gender to the evidence set changes the prediction. Which indicates a lack of
separation. However, I would argue this is a side effect of using a Naive Bayes Net. Because we are not accounting for
the affect that being a woman has on the other variables. For example, if we were to add the factor P(Education|Gender)
to the Net we might find out that the only casual affect Women have on income is through education. In which case we
could find the data to be seperated. Indeed, any time you use a Naive Bayes Net and there is no demographic parity you
end up with seperation. This is because the Naive Bayes Net is a model that assumes independence between variables. As
evidence to this possibly being true we find that given E1 (which does not contain gender in the evidence set) men are
more likely to make >50k.

Thirdly we will deal with sufficiency. Given the core evidence E1 we find that women are in reality more likely to make
less than men despite E1 giving them equally likely predictions. This seems to indicate that the core evidence E1 is not
enough to explain the difference between men and woman. The most likely explanation for this is that woman are more
likely to make less then men regardless of external factors. However, this is not the only explanation. It could be that
there is a factor that we are not accounting for that is causing this difference.

question 2) I would never use this model to decide on hiring practices. This is because the amount of money I want to
pay to someone has nothing to do with how much they statistically make. The only statistic that I care about is how
skilled a person is. This is because I want to pay people based on how much value they bring to the company. While you
could argue that the pay is supposed to be competitive, and you should only pay someone what they could possibly make
elsewhere. I would argue that this is a bad way to run a company. Additionally, you might argue that the main reason
why people make the amount of money they do is because of their skill level. However, I would argue that this is not
indicated by the data. For example, if you look at the data you will find that Race, Gender, and Country all have a
large impact on how much money you make. However, none of these things have anything to do with how skilled you are.